okay tell us what happened you were
chasing kaya i was chasing her i know
how this looks but i didn't do it 24
hours earlier mrs jackson slaughtered
you will returns to work after meg's
death and he puts pressure on doreen to
find out who killed his wife last 12
months tutoring dating same same
very different
bee tries to reach debbie but harry
keeps picking up the phone not allowing
his daughter to speak with her what have
you done what have i done now debbie her
exams later harry comes to visit her in
the prison asking her not to call on the
phone attracting some of the girls from
work after threatening to kill b doreen
discloses that kaija is tony's daughter
and that doreen's unborn child perished
after she crashed her car
[Music]
we'll notices meg's bracelet was never
found when she died he came to a
realization that the bracelet had to be
kept by the assailant he puts pressure
on vera to do a ramp however the
bracelet was not recovered
authorizing the ramp had a negative
impact on vera erica davidson saw this
opening and used it she persuades
derrick the gm to appoint her as the
governor of the wentworth prison will
has a run-in with matt fletcher
dorine gets kaiya's mother tony to be
arrested for drug usage forcing kaiya to
return to her grandmother's residence
take over
webware's new governor
erica davidson
[Applause]
b was finally able to talk to her
daughter
[Music]